feat(content): Add a carrier variant option for the Kestrel (#9653)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/kestrel.txt

					goto engines
				`	"Maybe you should work on improving the shields and hull."`
					goto shields

> 				`	"I feel like larger ships should have more bays for fighters."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I feel like such a large ship should have more bays for fighters."`
```
